Fix some docs phrasings and headers (#670)
zenml-io/zenml: docs/book/developer-guide/runtime-configuration.md

a step and the pipeline. Step and pipeline configurations are used to
dynamically set parameters at runtime.

You can configure your pipelines at runtime in the following ways:

* Configure from within the code: Do this when you are quickly iterating on your code 

> and don't wait to your actual step code. This is useful in the development phase.

Author: ```suggestion
and don't want to change your actual step code. This is useful in the development phase.
```

Possibly? The original phrasing was unclear for me.
